AbantOS Project

I served as the Lead for the Documentation group on the class project. In this role I was, and am, responsible for the organization and editing of the AbantOS User's Guide. I also made contributions to the content of the User's Guide and assigned some content responsibility to my team member, Rodas.

I contributed the original outline of the Guide which still serves as the basic structure into which it is organized. Some of the work Rodas and I did summarizing and presenting the first two sections of the Debian New Maintainer's Guide appears in the introductory sections of the Guide (starting with the Social Dynamics material). I also wrote the Guide section on Installing Elive to USB in Windows. After the introduction of the GitHub platform to the project I put together the Command Reference using the Git process to fork from the class Guide, commit it and create a pull request; this section does not appear in the Guide as it currently exists (as I still believe it's probably not necessary) but it was a useful exercise for me in acclimating to and engaging with GitHub and the commit process. Additionally in my role as editor I have continued to work on planning the organization and structure of the Guide for its clearest presentation - I intend to contribute further to at least its ordering after the class ends.

During the course of the project I consistently contributed to the D2L discussion forum with updates on the Documentation group work and requests for input from other project areas. I coordinated efficiently with my team member and with the class lead, Jacquie, to submit our weekly work in a timely manner. I also presented updates on the Documentation work each week in front of the class.
